processor_metrics_selector: Add documents for metrics_selector processor (#1340)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: installation/sources/build-and-install.md

| FLB\_OUT\_TCP | Enable TCP/TLS output plugin | On |
| [FLB\_OUT\_TD](../../pipeline/outputs/treasure-data.md) | Enable [Treasure Data](http://www.treasuredata.com) output plugin | On |

### Processor Plugins

> The _processor plugins_ gives the capability to handle the three types of events within the processor pipelines to allow modifying, enrich or drop events. The following table describes the processors available on this version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _processor plugins_ provide the capability to handle the events within the processor pipelines to allow modifying, enrich or drop events. 
The following table describes the processors available on this version:
```
